And he said yes.
Mr. Yasumoto and the others would really agree
This this
I, I, I heard right?
How is that possible?
How could Mr. Okamoto agree?
Island countries have been mocking China's scientific and technological circles over the years
This village can bend over
Hahahaha
So proud
The migrant worker loses
Mr. Qin
I'll see my teacher soon
Mr. Kogun Saburo
Even if I were to tell him the truth
Please don't experiment, of course.
I'm not from your island country
Arik is dead
Why Mr. Ichiro
Breeze, wait for me
Didn't you just develop a broken mobile phone?
You can do whatever you want.
Qingfeng's business is not over today, mother.
Let's go
Striker, do you really plan to cooperate with the islanders?
Qianfeng, this phone you developed
Definitely the most advanced in the world
Never cooperate with the islanders
Otherwise they learn
Are you going to shit and pee on our Chinese people?
Yeah, yeah.
Don't worry.
Now the islanders are arrogant
I won't believe what Gangben says at all
I will not make such a statement
Besides, even if we want to cooperate
We also need to cooperate with our own company, right?
We should cooperate with our local enterprises in China.
That's Mr. Qin, Miss Zhao
We just talked about cooperation.
You think about it again hey
Sir, sir.
Sir, we cooperate and follow me